Release Notes

> # Version v1.13.0
> ## Released 2015-11-30
> - - -
> * NEW: arm64
>     * Added arm64 slice.
> * MOD: armv7(s)
>     * Removed armv7 and armv7s slices.
> * MOD: Regex Engine
>     * Switched engine used for regular expressions from pcre to iOS's included ICU (icucore).

- - -

> # Version v1.12.0.3
> ## Released 2015-10-30
> - - -
> * FIX: iOS 9
>     * Fixed notification support for iOS 9.

- - -

> # Version v1.12.0.2
> - - -
> * FIX: iOS 9
>     * Temporarily disabled local notifications to prevent "notifier" from crashing.

- - -

> # Version v1.12.0.1
> - - -
> * FIX: Tweak Scanner
>     * Attempting to process dead symbolic links lead to crashing SpringBoard.

- - -

> # Version v1.12.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Tweak Scanner
>     * CrashReporter now includes a component that will scan tweaks at SpringBoard startup and report any issues found.
>     * Currently only scans for one issue: missing filter files.
>     * Currently disabled on iOS 4 and iOS 5.

- - -

> # Version v1.11.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Documentation
>     * Added help documentation for various parts of CrashReporter, accessible via "?" and "Help" buttons.
> * NEW: Latest Crash Date
>     * Programs on front page now list date of latest available crash report.
> * MOD: Major GUI Update
> * MOD: Reordered Front Page
>     * Programs now sorted by type (App, App Extension, Service) instead of ownership (Mobile, Root).
> * MOD: Libraries from package "mobilesubstrate" are no longer listed in "Loaded Libraries" section.
>     * Although technically possible, the chances of mobilesubstrate being the cause of a crash are considered to be low enough that listing said libraries just results in unnecessary noise.
> * MOD: Officially dropped support for iOS 3.
>     * Users on iOS 3 can still use the older KennyTM version, available as hk.kennytm.crashreporter.

- - -

> # Version v1.10.0
> - - -
> * NEW: crashreporter://script
>     * Developers can now create scripts to gather information from a user's device, to assist in resolving the user's issue.
> * MOD: Manual Script Input
>     * The "Input a Script" option has been removed. It was prone to user input errors, and has been replaced by the new crashreporter://script feature.
> * MOD: Log Viewer
>     * Can now pinch-to-zoom in crash log and system log screens (as well as in the contact form attachments and new script screens).
> * MOD: CrashReporter Version
>     * Reports from users will now display the version of CrashReporter used to generate the report (in the "Generated by" line).

- - -
> # Version v1.9.1
> - - -
> * MOD: notifier
>     * Prevent code (e.g. tweaks) from being injected into the notifier process.
> * FIX: notifier
>     * Fixed a bug (related to strcmp()) that could lead to crashes when attempting to record syslog information.
> * LOC: Fixed German localization.

- - -

> # Version v1.9.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Added support for iPhone 6/6+ displays.
> * LOC: Updated Czech localization
>     * NOTE: Credit for this goes to david19au (github).
> * LOC: Updated Danish localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to @jlndk (Twitter).
> * LOC: Updated French localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to @B3uB3u (Twitter) and j0k3r (github).
> * LOC: Updated German localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to J41LBR34KXP (github).
> * LOC: Updated Russian localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to bill876 (github).

- - -

> # Version 1.8.3
> - - -
> * MOD: ReportCrash Check
>     * Check fails on iOS 8; temporarily disabled the check to prevent alert from showing at each launch.

- - -

> # Version 1.8.2
> - - -
> * MOD: Updated subject and body of message sent to developers.
> * FIX: Separator lines between cells were not redrawn properly.

- - -

> # Version 1.8.1
> - - -
> * MOD: Made "Installed:" string localizable.
> * FIX: "Less than xx hours" was displaying minutes instead of hours.
> * LOC: Updated Russian localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to SparTV (@TweetSparTV on Twitter).

- - -

> # Version 1.8.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Show package name, identifier and install date for each binary listed in suspects view.
>     * Displayed information is valid for the binaries *at the time of the crash*.
>     * This information will not be shown for crashes that occurred before installation of this version of CrashReporter.
> * MOD: Do not show suspects sections if there are no suspects.
> * MOD: Updated to use libcrashreport and libpackageinfo.
> * FIX: Notifications always indicated no suspects.
> * FIX: Some crashes were mistakenly being reported as timeouts.
> * FIX: Position of menu on iOS 6 and below was incorrect.
> * FIX: Crash on iOS 6 due to reference to unsupported social media service.
> * LOC: Added Czech localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to david19au (github).
> * LOC: Added German localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to J41LBR34KXP (github).
> * LOC: Updated French localization
>     * Credit for this goes to @B3uB3u (Twitter).
> * LOC: Updated Russian localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to SparTV (@TweetSparTV on Twitter).
> * LOC: Updated Turkish localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to @keremyilmaazz (Twitter) (/u/keremy on reddit).

- - -

> # Version 1.7.1
> * FIX: Execution timeouts were being notified as crashes.
> * FIX: Users were unable to contribute via PayPal.
>     * The payment type has been changed from "donation" to "pay now", with fixed contribution amounts.
> * LOC: Updated Arabic localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to @iD7me (Twitter).
> * LOC: Updated Turkish localization
>     * Credit for this goes to @keremyilmaazz (Twitter) (/u/keremy on reddit).

- - -

> # Version 1.7.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Added menu containing various ways to help support the CrashReporter project.
>     * Images used in menu are from <a href="http://fontawesome.io">Font Awesome by Dave Gandy</a>
> * NEW: Added "loaded binaries" section to suspects controller.
>     * CrashReporter (via libsymbolicate) is only able to determine a suspect for types of issues where the suspect is "caught in the act".
>     * Some issues can be caused by something that occurred earlier (such as a release of memory or the dispatch of a code block).
>     * In cases where a suspect cannot be determined, it can be useful to have a list of all binaries that were loaded into the process and that could thus be responsible, even if there is no obvious evidence.
> * NEW: Added -d switch to notifier tool for debugging purposes.
>     * This can be used to test notifications with existing crash log files.
> * MOD: Symbolication is now done using libsymbolicate\'s new "package" filter.
>     * Binaries in the output report will be sorted based upon whether they came from a dpkg (possibly from Cydia), the App Store, or elsewhere (possibly built-in).
> * MOD: Various visual improvements.
> * LOC: Added Arabic localization.
>     * Credit for this localization goes to @iD7me (Twitter).
> * LOC: Added Chinese (CN) localization for settings.
>     * Credit for this goes to zsm1703 (github).
> * LOC: Added Russian localization.
>     * Credit for this localization goes to SparTV (@TweetSparTV on Twitter).
> * LOC: Added Turkish localization
>     * Credit for this goes to @keremyilmaazz (Twitter) (/u/keremy on reddit).
> * LOC: Updated Chinese (CN/TW) localization.
>     * Credit for this goes to 启阳 葛 (golden1993).
> * LOC: Updated French localization
>     * Credit for this goes to @B3uB3u (Twitter).

- - -

> # Version 1.6.1
> - - -
> * MOD: Only send notifications for known issue types.
>     * This change was made to try to avoid "(null)" notifications.

- - -

> # Version 1.6.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Added support for "device is running low on (process) memory" notifications.
>     * This option is off by default.
>     * It can be enabled in the Settings panel.

- - -

> # Version 1.5.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Added option to receive notifications when a process is using excessive resources (memory, CPU).
>     * This option is off by default.
>     * It can be enabled in the Settings panel.
> * NEW: Added "Safe Mode": if CrashReporter itself crashes, the next launch will have tweaks disabled.
> * NEW: Added check to see if ReportCrash daemon has been disabled.
> * NEW: Added buttons to allow deleting all crash logs for all processes and for the currently-viewed process.
> * NEW: Danish localization.
>     * Credit for this localization goes to @jlndk (Twitter).
> * MOD: Refresh list of crash logs upon resume and upon receiving a notification of a crash.
> * MOD: Removed dependency for "jp.ashikase.symbolicate".
> * MOD: Moved portion of code to new TechSupport framework.
> * FIX: Icon badge now shows correct "number of crashes since last launch".
> * NOTE: If you would like to help with localization, please visit <a href="http://github.com/ashikase/Localization">the Localization project</a>.

- - -

> # Version 1.4.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Notifications for execution timeouts are now optional and disabled by default.
>     * These notifications can be enabled in the new CrashReporter settings panel (in the Settings app).
> * NEW: French localization.
>     * Credit for this localization goes to @B3uB3u (Twitter).
> * FIX: Suspects were not displayed for pre-symbolicated files.
> * FIX: Crashed on iOS versions prior to 6.0 due to linkage to UIRefreshControl.
> * FIX: Various fixes related to creation and symbolication of log files.

- - -

> # Version 1.3.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Top view now shows number of unviewed crash logs vs. total number (for each process)
> * NEW: Pull-to-refresh control in views listing groups of logs and logs for a process.
> * NEW: Added "Forward to..." link for all crash logs to allow emailing to an arbitrary address.
>     * This includes packages that are no longer installed as well as binaries that are not from the App Store/Cydia.
> * NEW: Include package version in email subject.
> * NEW: Include device info in email body.
> * NEW: Added "coming soon" notice regarding notification settings.
> * MOD: File symbolication is now saved when the crash is first recorded.
> * MOD: Syslogd is no longer needed; syslog information is captured at the time of the crash via ASL.
> * MOD: Greyed-out date now means "viewed" instead of "symbolicated".
> * MOD: Major localization-related updates.
>     * Credit for this change goes to angelXwind@github.

- - -

> # Version 1.2.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Now asks user to enter details in "Contact author" view.
> * NEW: Added a button to dismiss the keyboard in "Contact author" view.
> * MOD: Order crash logs by process name.
> * MOD: For iOS 7+, suggest Syslog Flipswitch instead of Syslog Toggle.
>     * Credit for this change goes to angelXwind@github.
> * MOD: Various English and Chinese localization-related updates.
>     * Credit for this change goes to angelXwind@github.
> * FIX: Was unable to symbolicate root-owned crash log files.
> * FIX: Prevent Substrate from injecting tweaks into monitor and notifier.

- - -

> # Version 1.1.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Added "Crashed Process" entry above "Primary Suspect".
> * MOD: Changed "libsymbolicate" dependency to "symbolicate".
>     * CrashReporter still uses libsymbolicate directly, but requires the filters list provided by symbolicate.
> * FIX: iOS 7 style icons were one pixel too big.

- - -

> # Version 1.0.1
> - - -
> * FIX: Status bar appeared black when launching.
>     * Credit for this fix goes to mologie@github.
> * FIX: Notifications did not work.
>     * Currently, notifications do not work with iOS 6 and older versions of iOS.
> * FIX: Unable to delete root-owned crash logs.
> * FIX: Removed RKLLowMemoryWarningObserver warning.
> * MOD: Always reset badge count.

- - -

> # Version 1.0.0
> - - -
> * NEW: Added crash monitor.
>     * A notification will be displayed when a crash is detected, with the option to open CrashReporter.
> * NEW: Added support for IPS files (via libsymbolicate).
> * NEW: Added support for iPad displays.
> * MOD: Redesigned interface for iOS 7, ease of use.
> * MOD: Log files are now sent as attachments (instead of using pastie site).
